hey this flower and gadgets and we're
taking a look at the new Xperia mini on
the left and new Xperia mini pro yes
just to show you a little bit on the on
the form factor first four of the Xperia
mini pro so of course it has this
keyboard here which is really optimized
for for the best time because super good
economics and we can keep in compared to
amount of bigger keyboards and this will
this will come out on top of those all
we see here the size is still very very
small with this 3 inch screen what is
your resolution there a solution of the
screen i think is 5 pixel x 320 and it's
run on the reality display with Mobile
BRAVIA Engine and it's a scratch
resistant mineral glass screen and what
else you can see here is the development
of the corner you I concept so as you
recognize from the previous x10 mini and
mini pro they had the corner you I
concept but here it's further developed
so that you can have up to four
applications in each of the corners and
it's super easy customize them I just
take one application like this and just
drag it to the corner and then I have it
there so the boy is a very personal page
yes exactly but furthermore I can also
as you see I can also have widgets here
in the middle of the screen and our
vacations in the middle of the screen so
so it makes it look like one of the
bigger smartphones even and I can just
take one widget and drag it to the and
drag it to the top like this if I don't
want to have if I don't want to have the
corners there this is easy to travel
try this one I just drag it up there and
I don't have to have the corners there
you go home five home screens it is five
home screens inside running android
gingerbread android gingerbread yeah so
one and when I move around like this I
still have the same corner some on all
the classes one interesting thing
exactly look at the physical keyboard
again how has it been improved from the
xperia x10 mini pro so it's slightly
bigger and it has this directional keys
here which helps know that it really
helps you to navigate more easier all
right there's a window his purse yeah
how much run 522 million six the
batteries twelve hundred million that is
32 inches